Add Slack receiver instructions (#144)
acend/openshift-4-ops-training: content/en/docs/03/02_monitoring-configuration.md

You are now going to configure Alertmanager so that alerts created by Prometheus are sent to your alerts channel on Slack.
In order to do this, navigate to **Administration**, **Cluster Settings**, **Global Configuration**, **Alertmanager** on the web console.
Here you can see the pre-configured **Receivers**.
Click on **Configure** next to the **Default** receiver.
Now fill in the **Slack API URL** and **Channel** information provided to you by your trainer and click **Save**.

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
By clicking on **Show advanced configuration**, you have the option of customizing the messages' appearance in Slack.
Feel free to do so if you'd like.
{{% /alert %}}

Switch to Slack and check if notifications are showing up in your alerts channel.
This might take some minutes so don't hesitate to continue the lab and check back later.

> Configuring Alertmanager receivers via web console has its advantages because it takes out most of its difficulty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring Alertmanager receivers via web console is easier than writing the configuration manually.
```

However, the time will come when you want to configure receivers automatically or with more advanced settings not exposed on the web console.
In order to do so, you adapt the `alertmanager-main` secret in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace.

> Have a look at how Alertmanager is now configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at how Alertmanager is currently configured:
```
